README.md, before:

# pyspch

### Notes on v0.5 -- in dev  (24/11/2021)

bumped a few minimal requirements, especially
pandas > 1.1      to avoid read_pickle() problems
                  while this function isn't used inside, it seems a good idea 

and for the HMM part, usage of scikit-learn >= 1.0.1 is required, also implying 
Python (>= 3.7)
NumPy (>= 1.14.6)
SciPy (>= 1.1.0)
joblib (>= 0.11)
threadpoolctl (>= 2.0.0)


### Notes on v0.4 -- 29/09/2021

- this should become the first more or less stable version to be used during the academic year 2021-2022
- there was some restructuring in the sense that tests and demos have been moved out of the package, but are still in the project one level up
- some of the demos - linked closely to my Speech Recognition course (H02A6) have been moved into the independent repository 'spchlab' which is linked to that course

 
### Notes on v.03

- there were many breaking changes in going from 01->02->03
- the plotly backend is temporarily not supported

### Known Issues with Dependencies

- librosa  does not seem to work the latest versions of numba, llvmlite
- numba <= 0.50 (don't know if this is the highest version, but 0.53 definitely seems incompatible with librosa)
- llvmlite <= 0.33 (automatically with numba <= 0.50)

### Known Issues in v0.1

- soundfile and librosa are not supported on binder, but critical for all I/O imports
    - need to find a way to load system library libsndfile on the lINUX servers ( maybe: sudo apt-get install libsndfile1 ; not tested yet )
- multichannel recording in Colab not supported
- discrepancies between mpl and plotly low level API for axis selection

Commit message:

subpackages sp and utils to 0.6

README.md, after:

# pyspch


### Notes on v0.6 

- TBD: 
    - bump librosa to v0.9 ? (mainly for multichannel which we don't rely on)
    - change to power spectrum as default representation ?

- major reorganization with subpackages
    - io : for (file) I/O related stuff
    - sp : signal processing related modules, fully crafted in the spirit of librosa (though single channel mainly)
            now includes, cepstral processing, feature manipulation, ..
    - display : all display routines
    - utils :

- generic utilities for phone/index processing  




### Notes on v0.5 -- final version for H02A6 course in 2021

bumped a few minimal requirements, especially
pandas > 1.1      to avoid read_pickle() problems
                  while this function isn't used inside, it seems a good idea 

and for the HMM part, usage of scikit-learn >= 1.0.1 is required, also implying 
Python (>= 3.7)
NumPy (>= 1.14.6)
SciPy (>= 1.1.0)
joblib (>= 0.11)
threadpoolctl (>= 2.0.0)


### Notes on v0.4 -- 29/09/2021

- this should become the first more or less stable version to be used during the academic year 2021-2022
- there was some restructuring in the sense that tests and demos have been moved out of the package, but are still in the project one level up
- some of the demos - linked closely to my Speech Recognition course (H02A6) have been moved into the independent repository 'spchlab' which is linked to that course

 
### Notes on v.03

- there were many breaking changes in going from 01->02->03
- the plotly backend is temporarily not supported

### Known Issues with Dependencies

- librosa  does not seem to work the latest versions of numba, llvmlite
- numba <= 0.50 (don't know if this is the highest version, but 0.53 definitely seems incompatible with librosa)
- llvmlite <= 0.33 (automatically with numba <= 0.50)

### Known Issues in v0.1

- soundfile and librosa are not supported on binder, but critical for all I/O imports
    - need to find a way to load system library libsndfile on the lINUX servers ( maybe: sudo apt-get install libsndfile1 ; not tested yet )
- multichannel recording in Colab not supported
- discrepancies between mpl and plotly low level API for axis selection
